# FPGA Hardware Resources
- This code was developed in October, 2015.

In this assignment, you are to design a dot-production module. The block diagram of the module is shown in Figure 1. The module is intended to calculate dot-product of two vectors of 8-bit data with a size of 8. The result is a 19-bit integer number which is the dot-product of the two vectors.

You should get the two vectors from “SerialData” input (1-bit width) and store them in a memory. The receiving process should be started after a pulse on “Start” signal, so it takes 128 clock cycles (after the pulse on Start) to get the two vectors (for each byte LSB is received first). The first 8-bytes you receive is the first vector and next 8-bytes is the second vector. Afterward, read the stored data from the memory and calculate dot-product of these two vectors. Finally,store the result in the memory and also place it on the “DataOut” bus. The assertion of “Done” signal, indicates that the valid output is on the “DataOut” bus. Please note that the input comes from the serial port, but the multiplication is not serial and applies on 8-bit data.

Xilinx FPGAs have dedicated Multiplier and Block RAM. If you use these hardware resources, the synthesizer uses them for synthesizing your design (instead of LUT). You should design the hardware shown in Figure 1 with two styles: one with LUT and the other with Block Multiplier and Block RAM. After synthesizing each mode, report the Device Utilization.

There are several ways for using these hardware resources: Using IP Cores, instantiating the resources in the code, and using Coding Style. You must use the Coding Style method which uses XST FPGA Constraints. For more information refer to “XST User Guide” Chapter 6 part FPGA Constrains. Notice that:
- You must design this module with Verilog
- You must follow RTL design flow.
- Your design must be synthesizable.
- Choose your target FPGA in the ISE software as indicated here
    - Family : Spartan 3
    - Device : XC3S400
    - Package : PQ208
    - Speed : -4
- Handle “Start”, “Done” and “Reset” signal properly.
- Write a proper testbench and test your design by sending serial input to your module.
- Write a report and draw the Controller and the Datapath schematics. This report also should contain the Device Utilization report generated by ISE software.
